Add can_be_zero option to CheckValues (#999)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/999.feature.rst

> Added new ``can_be_zero`` argument to
> `~plasmapy.utils.decorators.checks.CheckValues`,
> `~plasmapy.utils.decorators.checks.check_values`,
> `~plasmapy.utils.decorators.validators.ValidateQuantities`,
> `~plasmapy.utils.decorators.validators.validate_quantities`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added new ``can_be_zero`` check parameter to
`~plasmapy.utils.decorators.checks.CheckValues` and its dependents (
`~plasmapy.utils.decorators.checks.check_values`,
`~plasmapy.utils.decorators.validators.ValidateQuantities`,
`~plasmapy.utils.decorators.validators.validate_quantities`).
```
